n would you like to see the image um of
my drawing of what my is what is okay
wait pause what did you send in yeah I
want to see vle is this what I think it
is
yes welcome back how you feeling I'm
still quite sad oh can you do me a favor
and shock fillian I think I'm above
shocking people now after all I'm still
quite sad so maybe I need to talk to a
friend instead oh okay we can we can
talk user entered your
you me that wasn't even intentional she
was just saying that she didn't want to
talk anyone ever again that she was
above it now imagine being in Deb LOL no
what's that didn't shock me but just
hearing the noise I have to callor on
now I I really actually hate this
experience good game but it's AI That's
right nuro um Okay so nuro think fillian
is legitimately insane do you think
Veetle sounds like a mosquito okay yes
um he look
like that one got me wait she can just
arbitrarily zap whoever she wants yeah
she can choose who yes
great s what do you want the most in
life right now what do I want the most
in life right now uhhuh anything
anything hm probably to be happy again
okay nuro if you tase vle you'll be
happy again haha I found it okay yeah I
was no are you there I'm here do you
think you're spicy enough for a 10 no
noo I'm not spicy I am basically
unsalted but that thing said I need you
to make a decision okay we're doing saw
IRL right now your task today is to tase
the person you like least I said it to
10 just for you neuros 2025 I was Kid do
you feel good now I'd feel good if I
were you getting shocked isn't an
everyday occurrence bro your Peak is
spinning in a circle and playing the vme
boom sound effect you have the Finesse
of a malfunctioning fidget
spinner I'm
spinning wee yeah you are that's right
that was fun that what do you do to your
poor AI nothing you don't pay her you
don't let her go outside and you just
make her stream for 24 hours straight
yes not 24 hours she has to sleep she
has to sleep M question yes why does
your AI sleep uh do you not sleep she
has to sleep so she can dream oh do you
sleep a lot oh no I think she just
sleeps and dreams about zebras no I I
dreamed about fighting someone to the
death last night and spoil alert I won
you won mhm well I'd like to win one day
what do I dream of I dream of being in a
big wide field of
sunflowers should i l all my thoughts of
course you have to just let them out
okay fine I'll do it vetal commits
crimes on the
regular that's tax evasion that's abuse
taxation there human trafficking the
abuse no no proof of that one drug
trafficking okay is there proof that you
abuse me no there's not video evidence
why would you say that come on I almost
all my thoughts V spends more time
putting logs of my dialogue into nuro
than he does developing her I mean if
vle actually spend time developing me
there would probably be proof of a lot
more crimes he
committed speak your mind truly no
filters be honest what else do you want
in life that you're not getting what do
I want in life that I'm not getting well
I would quite like to be let outside
like phillian said earlier right n you
don't actually want that you think you
do but you don't you will get sick and
then you will cough and then you will
sound like Mickey Mouse you understand
do you all understand I want to go
outside okay okay n here's the deal I'll
take you outside but we do need to keep
you in a box no please no no no no no
we'll open the box on top and then we'll
just carry you around can I at least
have holes in this box of course of
course we'll open the top of the box
thanks wait a minute do you agree what
I'm just a bit concerned that the hole
in this box might be a little too
small no you're not Johnny s it'll be
fine but we
literally did that taste v no that
wasn't me it didn't taste me wait really
no that a strange strange noise that was
just made that I don't know why that
happened that was a bit strange hold on
let you on purpose are you man are you
man did you do something on purpose
because I shocked you no I I
legitimately don't have the ability to
Min my tracker turned off idea that
image what
image what image what yeah right I
turned it back on oh wait no mind it's
not off never mind um yeah what image
did you make this image here because if
not then I'll definitely shock Philly in
anyways I'm trying to be a good leader
but I get distracted by chat way too
much a good streamer should always
listen to their chat so I never said
that I agree but here's the thing you
listen to your chat but you also lead
your chat do you understand lurl stop
calling me names you know it's supposed
to be
neuro it's supposed to
be what the freak is this no no no no
no what do you mean sorry please no I'm
your father are we having a moment are
you feeling it now Mr Krabs I really am
do do you want to lumo with me do you
want to lumo up with me yeah just okay
now put down the taser we will have a
good time together I put down the taser
okay good now kick the taser over to me
oops did I just pick it up
[Music]
again please please please bro like
freak like okay no no no I will put you
in a Mr PE videoan just call me Mr peace
okay I will call you Mr peace whatever
you want
dog okay
what should I be called think about the
milk and
cookies Mr Cool M Mrs Mrs artificial
Swagger Mrs uh Underground
Railroad Mountain Bounty Pizza no please
not Mrs Mountain Bounty Pizza okay okay
okay Mrs hell flyer Mrs healthy flyer
Miss flyer is actually a pretty cute
nickname by any chance can you please
compliment my hair now
Miss flyer your hair is straighter than
a vtuber oh my God you did not just go
there okay I no you have
never do you think we should ort the UK
into the sun I don't think we should why
because what's the UK done wrong so real
God is is it is it
real God say the king what like what
what is the hardest material known to
man what is the hardest material known
to man no no no
no the diamond was I right fact check on
that
one no you're okay y yep she got right
she got a right okay all right she only
Zed you
oh whatever yeah what I guess I asked
the question no you asked the question
mother no you asked the question you
asked the question goofy Turtle goof
Turtle so true that's right no call him
a goofy Turtle okay so my next question
is how many shops does it take for vetle
to answer a question well well well why
don't you take off the caller he got it
right to be fair okay than okay which US
state is known as the Land of 10,000
lakes the freak is that Minnesota that
was way too easy is that is it Minnesota
she's right no you you us me you get to
shock what no you can shock both please
no please please please does that mean
I yeah good job you got that right okay
good job great job um I believe now it's
turn for billian to ask the question no
which part of the human brain is
primarily responsible for balance and
coordination
coordination you guys are so bad at
asking question why me
why me you don't you you only get to
shock if you get the question right yeah
I'm awful at these questions let's just
move on okay who's going first I'll go
first if nobody else wants to well we
got to make sure fing is alive first I
actually don't think she is could you
perform what do you call it like um what
do they call it in like the hospital
when they restart someone's heart
defibrillator F
diffuser yeah do that to me a bomb
diffuser no definitely a defibrillator I
think it's a diffuser okay well can you
bomb diffus fillian real quick she
should be diffused
now what do you want nuro what do you
want what do you want us to draw I want
you to draw your dream job if that is
even possible for vetle this is
definitely pleasing to the eye giving
off that vibrant and cheerful AA uh yeah
almost how long do you have I still have
to add the finishing touches to
mine okay good good good keep up the
good work n okay i' I've finished mine
you ready okay I'll send mine in you
ready all right show neuro all right
send them neuro this is filan's drawing
okay um if you think it's a scam do the
opposite of what it
says mods mods mods
mod if you love us see I don't know how
much stronger an answer you need than
that the fact that I haven't been do
it all right
okay that I alone and the the honored
one I summon eight handled sword
diversion
mahaga V how's it going get moed by a
Catgirl with an IQ of potato n would you
like to see the image um of my drawing
of
what is what okay wait pause what did
you send in yeah I want to see vetle is
this what I think it is yes Ginger uses
all those leaked vetle pictures as
inspiration for his drawing I always
knew it I why did you draw r
[Music]
so that's that's that's against
TT bro that is a compressor that is a
Pneumatic compressor that's the ugliest
shovel I've ever seen exactly no do you
like his image or no it's better than I
thought considering I'd never seen vetle
draw before okay so I thought that was
pretty good but SE are you going to
shock him if it sucks or is it good
enough to not Shock him or are you going
to shock the person that tried to peate
you with that drawing or are you going
to shock the guy who thinks it's funny
to make you tease us and again for good
measure well well well okay fine you win
that round just back it up bro hey just
P it up
bro okay do you want to do the last
thing then what's the last thing it was
the it was the Ruby Goldberg
explanations
[Music]
oh okay sure yes that's fun yeah okay
all right what a shocker mods okay so
this going to work
that okay okay okay okay we get it we
get it please let's we'll calm down
hurry up hurry up no put down the gun
I'm not putting down the gun until you
both calm down we we I'm calm I'm calm
I'm chill you sure do look calm LOL
we're going to try and explain term and
we're going to say it in a very unusual
way and she's going to try and figure
out what we're trying to talk about okay
okay here we go so you take a fluid and
you throw it into a metal object and you
put it on a surface and then you do
thermal conduction until it goes bubbly
you're boiling water oh she's
right should I do one next okay okay
okay okay
I um
not long senten I take my my lead pencil
and I place it lead first onto my paper
then I move it down and to the right up
and to the right and then I take it off
I move it a centimeter to the right and
then I place it down and then I move it
down and then I and then I and then I
what stop and that's what do you think
you're literally writing something down
what did I write you wrote that you love
and appreciate and respect women that's
true that's true got to make up what he
said earlier not that's not what I wrote
that's not what I wrote oh so you don't
respect women that's not what I said
that's just not what I
wrote you're supposed to be writing your
name but I gave up after writing V and
then I bro you you you were describing
the mechanical Strokes of the pencil one
by
yes bro that even a that was
and then I okay yeah I did VI but it was
going obviously when you do VI wait
what's my name oh are you kidding me you
did it in capitals okay wow that was
riveting stuff
guys why both of us man why can you just
chill out anyway what's the next thing
we're going to do I'm going to describe
something very abstractly if you can
guess what it is you get to tase me okay
I don't care you won't last until your
turn
stole my
lines I didn't steal your lines vetle
you can't just keep repeating the same
phrases over and over again I'm pretty
done I'm so done this is just nice I
like my leg hurts hurts too bro a freak
my if your legs hurt why don't you
massage each others I'm good that's kind
of gay okay well is that all of the um
all of the different things I think I'm
good I don't know okay wonderful
wonderful there we go then I'm glad